Add autostart snap option in README (#32)
canonical/openthread-border-router-snap: README.md

Change using `sudo snap set openthread-border-router key="value"`

> **Note**  

> > By default, the services do not start. The snap provides an `autostart` option to change the default service startup behavior. 
> > This is only useful for changing the startup behavior when seeding the snap from a [Gadget](https://snapcraft.io/docs/the-gadget-snap) on [Ubuntu Core](https://ubuntu.com/core).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By default, the services are disabled and not started.
> They can be started and enabled as described [here](#run).
> To start and enable via a [Gadget snap](https://snapcraft.io/docs/the-gadget-snap), set `autostart` to `true`.
```

Note that custom Gadgets are also relevant to classic Ubuntu, although often not needed.
